theme = kanagawadragon
background-opacity = 0.97
background-blur = false
font-size = 16
cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false
mouse-hide-while-typing = true
window-padding-x = 7,12
window-theme = ghostty
window-padding-y = 7,12
background = #0A0A0A
confirm-close-surface=true


# Shell Integrations 
shell-integration = zsh
shell-integration-features = no-cursor

#Config Keymaps 
keybind = super+g>r=reload_config
keybind = super+g>l=new_split:right
keybind = super+g>j=new_split:down
keybind = super+g>t=new_tab
keybind = super+g>n=next_tab
keybind = super+g>p=previous_tab
keybind = ctrl+l=goto_split:right
keybind = ctrl+j=goto_split:down
keybind = ctrl+k=goto_split:up
keybind = ctrl+h=goto_split:left
keybind = super+q=close_surface
keybind = super+g>q=close_tab











































